my name is pop chart in 1915 Liddy so
today we are gonna be News at Ten
Rankin's months selecting shut it um a
song because if you can go right now so
don't have the song yet make it whatever
but album Lucky's tale there can it come
to convey the place where you're going
to interview the best friend or yell
easy job I mean we're four hours I'm
rolling my home daddy okay well you
really know that I can feel it are you
think that's right Mary recognize he
won't leave my family not specially me
thank you so original um okay Wow
professionally I didn't make it safe
right so ye p8 break a special item um
again in da um I think I she answered
your office or something like that maybe
I'm not really shorter than I don't know
him or actually you think that's right I
think I'm not handing out we forget it
are you shaking your best friend well
you're not finding your life is writing
anything hmm oh my god pressure pressure
ya know I've no idea hey you know any
friend is losing everything okay top
pick um go look in your email make it
better favorite food no no and I don't
know anything about my best friends well
that's just rude I know ain't no after
making some I ever get that way by
million polygons for the interview daddy
Kanye actually can be finished and
concert calm down right ever ready
Charlie DS or something around mine
anything on TV what the heck look no my
internet stopped oh my god oh ok the Red
King it's not Oh in the decal milk into
each other
I don't know thank you ready can you
know that's my drug lingo yeah oh thank
you hurt my can get out yeah you got
crackin standard I heard why I'm music
video here you're going hit everybody
cricket sure any wait whisper anyone
here they look at the people who are
watching around YouTube because we don't
only have a choice all right I'm
thinking chair you never in bikini short
all right I hard are the webkinz news I
looks like i may think you're gonna get
a need prep another in january but come
riding on Easter rocky because hair all
floppy huh Bailey uh-huh that's right a
scare this will give us some time to
think I mean you can get me on that
saganaki cannot stop you kinky haha bday
I know yeah um check an hour 50 minutes
Briggs and go and watch the music video
course he watches me get leavin need me
just call me already at Lord's way
captain time allow you're right who
cares it probably like wait thank you
guys are gonna show me but L can't you
haven't came today I know it's fabulous
and more than anything nobody getting
there that's a defender a fit and really
nice it for snails overs and I can for
the office everybody pretty filling it
up hey there we go oh ok I know it hurt
okay then let's examine much became a
collective Shelton and my dinner
philippine with your hair all floppy
yeah you guys okay it's like a jockey
week an old car thing or even pronounce
it right but I'm definitely trying to
look it up break down he's been learning
something animalistic you can write
eight minutes already or no is it fake I
can't really tell from that angle but
anyway look I have to go now so hey
tiny marine one okay that comes back
tonight everybody had a great new years
thanks for watching everybody prisons in
a webkinz other size 18 production he
makes them ok NP boom shut up or you'll
turn record tired sorry babe stuffing